---
layout: post
title:  "You're invited to Broncobots Kickoff, INFINITE RECHARGE"
date:   2019-12-07 01:58:02 -0500
categories: build journal
images: images/Videos/pancake.png
author: Joya Shelton
---


It’s almost kickoff time! January 4, FIRST will be unveiling their new game, Infinite Recharge. We will be having a pancake breakfast and blind auction starting at 8 am.

This means new challenges, new opportunities, and new ideas. We will start this year with our annual pancake breakfast at Lee’s Summit North High School. During the Pancake Breakfast, the Broadcast from FIRST will live streamed in the Performing Arts Center. This is where we will learn the details for our new game.

After the breakfast, the Broncobots will clean up the area, and braintstorm 11am to 5pm about the new game. We will set the ground rules, and the Broncobots will choose what our robot will do. On Day one, we will decide the “what” parts of our robot. We will brainstorm everything a team could do to be successful and use these ideas to develop a definition of what our robot should be able to do. We will also take note of every idea that our robot should be able to accomplish. We will continue to expand on our ideas on day two. 

Day Two we will “charge” into the gritty details of what the Broncobot robot should accomplish. We will split into three different robot design groups, and one group dedicated to game strategy. This group will ultimately decide a critical role in our gameplay of Infinite Recharge, as well as a definite design decision that would affect the other design teams. The other three groups brainstorming their design ideas for climbing strategies, hatch panel placement, and cargo storage, as well as the design decision of the starting platform. After about three hours of discussion, each design sub-team will present their ideas to the entire team and make robot design decisions. We will then bring these ideas into the shop.

We look forward and are excited for the upcoming season! Weekly Updates will be made to our website recapping our season, so check back here for Videos Posts and Pictures!
